Version 2.10 changes

Bug Fixes
=========

Fixed that waypoint were not working correctly with 
nuke transport

Fixed code that caused errors after launch/bomb with a
nuke - was not handling % sign after damage in parsing
for damage assessment.

Added sdump for plane commands when one of the plane was
on a carrier. (From prompt box only)  Also added sdump if a 
"landing on carrier" message is recieved

Fixed internal bestpath routine for ships to go under 
bridges.

Changed the size of several commodity fields in the database
(food, civs, mil, etc) to handle values over 32K  (it seems
to happen with food from time to time)

Added a scroll bar to the Chi Marker tool.

Added code so that when the origin shifts, the jump point coordinates
were shifted to match

Fixed the text box in the Script tool to resize with the box.

Added code so that Explore Circle (nova) command would stop if
the sector count did not increase.

Fixed problem with Show/Hide Unit flag after color change

Fixed ship wakes to handle moving over screen border (I hope)

Added code to handle telelgram and anno messages coming in the 
middle of dumps

Fixed Oiler prompt on fuel prompt box that was not allowing unit 
point and click

Fixed parsing error when doing a manual recon from a carrier 

Fixed errors when parsing "Build Nuke"

Fixed problem with client locking up after "read" was typed on
the command line.

Fixed tab order on Load/Tend/Move All prompt box.



Major Enhancements
==================

Sector substitution
-------------------
Added sector subtitution variable &s.
Type a command on the command line with &s in place of a sector
location.  Press down the CTRL key and Click on a sector.  The &s 
will be replaced by the sector number and the command submitted.
The original command will stay on the command line so it can be 
used multiple times (good for moving guns to multiple sectors from
a warehouse, for example)


Diety Support
-------------
Added support for signing on as the diety, parsing diety dumps,
and displaying a map based on diety information (including owner
colors)  Added a diety pop up menu with Give, Set, and Hidden.
Added a world-building tool to let you designate sectors with
a click of the mouse  (build land mass, etc) and to copy/paste
a range of sectors (good for copying duplicate start islands)


Build Selection Tool
--------------------
Added ability to Center Map on current build sector.  Replaced
the Next button with forward and backward option.  Added forward
and backward to next problem sector option as well.  Added button
to Pull needed supplies from distribution center if available.

Order Prompt Box
----------------
Rewrote the prompt box for orders to allow easier setup of ship
orders for cargo ships, fishing boats, etc.


Help Support
------------
Added a help button to most prompt boxes that gets the info file
for that prompt box from the server.


Auto Retreat and mission
------------------------
Added retreat option to nav/march prompt box. Allows setting
retreats at the same time you march - autofills it the reverse
of the last path taken.  There is an line on the option menu that
lets to default the auto-retreat on or off.

Also added a check box to allows a mission (interdiction/reserve)
to be set after the unit is moved.  If selected, All ships are set 
on interdiction.  Land units that can fire are set on interdiction, 
other land units units with a defense of one or greater are set 
on reserve.


Missions and order tracking
---------------------------
The database now tracks units on a mission.  Units with a current
mission are highlighted in red in the uint box, and the current 
mission shows in the status bar when the cursor is in the unit 
box over that unit. The mission database is set as the result 
of the mission commands or a mission query.  The mission 
database entry is automatically removed when a unit is moved.

The database also keeps track of ships orders, and highlights 
ships with orders in a similar fashion using blue.  (Ships that have
both orders and missions are highligted in purple).  The orders
database is only updated when you do an sorder or qorder command.


Auto-fortify tool
-----------------
Designed to allow a quick method to use up all excess unit mobility 
right before an update to forify units.  Allows customization by unit
of how much mobility to use.


Minor Enhancements
==================
Added option to abort further error messages.

Added reminder to get new version on World Size errors

Added unit count to bottom of unit list on the
Unit Tab of sector box

Changed status bar to widen the description box. (Removed
Repeat button - sorry Chris :)

Adding warnings to blitz setup tools (et. al)

Replaced Unit Type box with type buttons for faster toggles

Added logic to show only flight capable planes on bomb/drop/fly 
prompt box.  After box is closed, will return to prior display

Activated "Abort on Return Fire" check box on Fire Prompt box,
If this box is checked, and multi-fire is request, fire commands
will abort on the first return fire.

Added option to Famine Relief tool to allow selection of 
individual sectors by clicking on the grid row.

Added Unit pop-up menus to unit box.  Left click on a unit in the 
unit box and the appropriate pop-up menu will appear.  When a prompt
box is selected, highlighted units will be automatically filled in 
the prompt box.

Added territory to Misc sector menu

Added "show warships only" option to game options

Added "no iron" option to game option

Added "suppress bmap refresh" option to prevent bmap refreshes 
with large bmaps.

Added "plague risk" and "mobility cost" to the graduated color options
Note - plague risk needs some work, may not be accurate yet.

Enabled the timer button on the scripting tool to run scripts at 
a certain time before the update.  Timed script settings are cleared
each time you restart the program, however.

Updated Retreat prompt box with selections

Explore box will default to mil if there is no available civs in 
the starting sector.

Unit box will stay on the same type of unit when switching between
sectors if that type of unit is present in the new sector.

Ship id column of unit box will "remember" its size if its manually 
resized. (for the current session only)


Disclamers
----------
The damage assesment tool that predicts the new efficency may not 
work correctly with DEF_INFRA option.  (it assumes the sector is fully
improved)

WinACE's food predictions (as used by the famine relief tool) are 
sometimes one food short of what starvation says is required.  Tests
show WinACE is correct, and no-one will actually starve.  (I always
give them the extra food anyway using the avoid starvation option)

When sectors are lost to che at the update, the server sometimes does
not add them to the "lost" file.  This means that WinACE will not pick
them up as lost and will still show them as yours.  You will need to
do an Update Sectors off the Database menu post update to be sure.

The plague risk tool is new and untested, and probably wrong.  I'll
work on fixing it for a patch release.

Missions are not automatically deleted when a unit is lost, so if you
build a new unit with the same number, the WinACE may color it red 
thinking it has the "old" mission.  Take the "update missions" option
off the Database menu to refresh all missions.   The same applies to
ship orders.

Blitz setup was designed for the old vampire blitz (now defunct) and
may not work with the newer blitzs.  It doesn't know about such things
as GO_RENEW and BIG_CITIES

The production summary tool assumes that all thresholds will be met 
when doing distribution point mobility calculations.  For this reason
it is usually conservative.  It does not count stockpiles in the 
distribution center as "on-hand" if the distribution center has a 
different distribution point.

+++ End of File ++++
